---
layout: post
title: Studying Abroad Etiquette
---


Being an international student is never easy. One has to adapt to a different culture, people, places, languages, etc. Even if you’ve been going to that country for ages, there’s still a huge difference between being a tourist than an immigrant. With that being said, there’s a couple of rules and responsibilities one has as an international student and being from a problematic country like Venezuela there is a few things I think we should respect and think about while we are overseas representing our country. As well as a few things to keep in mind just for being an international student.

<ol>
<il>Talking about the bad things of your country is way too easy. Don’t!
Venezuela is in a critical situation, politically, economically, socially, you name it we are screwed. I get angry every time I hear one more Venezuelan person selling their country like the biggest dump that ever existed. I’m not saying you are going to denied what’s happening or that you are going to make it seem like not a big deal. Just think about it as if you don’t even know where this country is, and you are educating this person making a picture of a pile of trash with a bunch of people killing themselves. Nice, no. you may not like it but it’s still your country show some respect.

<il>Your I-20 just became your most prized possession. You’ll prefer one organ than to lose those three little pages.  Keep it with your passport at all times and every time you are going to travel. It’s your responsibility to keep it intact and valid.

<il> It’s hard. Really hard but word of advice: DON’T HANG OUT ALL THE TIME WITH INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS, especially if they are from your own country. One of the main ideas of studying abroad is meeting new people and soaking in the culture and their language. What’s the point of forming your own little gang of (example) Venezuelan kids all of them speaking Spanish? You’re in the US (or any other country) adapt. 

<il>Read and learn very carefully your immigrations laws. As long as you are outside of your home country this is your bible, one false move and you are out. Okay, it’s an exaggeration. But still you wouldn’t want to get in trouble just by being ignorant.

<il>Different culture. There are words and different expressions that are ok or funny in your home country but can it can be really offensive in another. Such as skin colors in Venezuela is a joke because we are all mixed race but in the US is a really big issue. Please remember were you are from time to time to avoid insulting anyone. Each country’s history is different, you have to respect what they believe or find offensive even if you don’t understand. After all is their country, you are the outsider.

</ol>

This were just a few things you might want to keep in mind if you are or are planning to study abroad. The list goes on and on, but I think this gets to the point. Enjoy your time as an international student as responsibly as possible.
