---
layout: post
title: Can spoken word poetry make a difference?
---

Spoken word poetry is the art of performance poetry. It's the combination of theater, story-telling , word play and poetry. This type of poetry needs to be heard out loud or witness in person. Spoken word poetry has been used for centuries from The Ancient Greeks in their political and social discourse to Dr. Martin Luther King's famous speach "I had a dream." It was also originated from blue's music and the 1960's beatniks. Now a days this is used this art form is being associated with feminist and queer movement as well as all any social problems. Because spoken word poetry allows the connection between the poet and the audience, by giving them the opportunity to confront someones experience to the public and allows for an inmidiate connection. Also there's a lot of spoken word poetry competion called poetry slam very common between young people. This video is a perfect example of the power of spoken word poetry as well of being one of the participants of a poetry slam. This one is called ["Rape Joke'](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4m3AJamQYM)

Because there is not much spoken word poetry being transmited on TV poets like Sarah Kay used Youtube and TED talks to show and explain this art and their poetic and theatrical abilities. Sarah Kay TED talk in California debuting her new poem "B" and "Hiroshima" was graced with two standing ovations. This talk is called ["If I should have a daughter..."](http://www.ted.com/playlists/87/spoken_word_fireworks) Please take a moment to watch. 

Videos like this have travel through the web and are very touching and powerful. Perfect for speaking up, expressing yourself and getting through people directly. For me this videos did make a difference and I believe that just as effective as Martin Luther King's speech this could work to help reach out to society about our currents problems.

