---
layout: post
title:Ready, Set, Logo!!!
---


As you sit here reading this you should completely sing up for this awesome contest!!

MIU is having a logo competition for any Graphic Design students of any level who want to enter this is for you!. As you read every word of this article, you won’t have any doubt that is an amazing opportunity to show your work.

You have to create 3 logos for this 3 very different companies:

1. The Micro Theaters of Miami. Right around the corner of MIU.
2. Sheinside.com a London and USA fashion company.
3. Thriftbooks.com a company that sell used books. US based. 

Evidently you contestant will have to research and study each company in order to come up with an appropriate logo for each one. 
Only one logo per company will be accepted. Flexibly is an important part for this project as in it has to be easily resizable.You will send your logos to miucreates@gmail.com. As you know, it’s important that you make sure you put your name when you send your work to them. 
Entries must be submitted as a scalable vector graphic in EPS format and also JPG. 

I know, you have read this whole article and naturally you are waiting to read the winning price.
Here they are:

-First Price is going to be 5000$ and a paid internship with a possible permanent job with any of this companies, the winner will be able to choose which company they’ll like to work for and how (either in their offices or via internet).
-Second Price is going to be 1000$

You can do the logos in black and white or full color. It doesn’t matter as long as they are original, creative and in high quality. 

The contest ends March 25th right before spring break. Now sign up and start sketching not only for a job opportunity but also for the 5000$ price.

Good Luck! and may the odds be ever in your favor.
