---
layout: post
title: Only Child Problems
---

There are certain benefits and disadvantages to not having siblings. As well as a lot of judgmental questions and expectations people may have on you at some point in your life just because of this insignificant fact. 
1.	You are viewed as self-obsessed and self-conscious. We are used to being the center of attention because there is nobody to compete with. In my case I end up falling into the background trying to not get notice as much. That much of attention can get really overwhelming and stressful sometimes. 
2.	Only child parents tend to be more overprotective. Yes, but if you are smart enough you can trick them in certain situations because you are the only child they have ever had to deal with.
3.	You don’t understand siblings’ affections. I had a hard time understanding that relationship between my best friend and her sister. My parents got me a dog so I would understand what it likes to take care of something other myself but it’s still not the same. This pretty much, makes you appear in other people’s eyes as selfish, even if it’s not true just because of your lack of understanding.
4.	As you get older you become more grateful for being and only child. Even though you always ask your parents for siblings and had imaginary ones. This is more of a divorce parent’s child kind of problem. Before it would have a sibling right now it would be my child or nephew type of relationship.
5.	People always think you are weird or antisocial. We don’t interact all day everyday with kids of our age or older or younger but we do have friends at school. We know how to interact with other. Just because we had more Christmas presents or we didn’t have to share our own space doesn’t mean we don’t like people. 
Only children are all different. But it doesn’t matter how old you are, if you are an only child you can definitely relate to this. Here are more articles about only child that inspired this post and are very interesting: http://thoughtcatalog.com/emory-ann/2014/03/32-things-only-children-know-to-be-true/
http://thoughtcatalog.com/ted-pillow/2012/09/21-truths-about-being-an-only-child/
http://thoughtcatalog.com/josh-durso/2014/04/why-being-an-only-child-gave-me-awesome-perspective/
